Docs 6647 jms bug edit (#639)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/jms/jms-activemq-configuration.adoc

> endif::[]

Reviewer: Instructions for edit:

I need an edit on this PR por favor. The PR was opened to address a bug, but it had other issues, so I did the first pass cleanup type edit. It needs a real editor's loving eyes though. It's a beaut!

:keywords: jms, connector, jms_1.0.2b, jms_1.1, jms_2.0, activemq

> JMS Connector includes an ActiveMQ Connection configuration, which provides out-of-the-box support for ActiveMQ 5.  With this connection, you can use JMS 1.1 (default), JMS 1.0.2b, or JMS 2.0 specifications, and configure all the general connection parameters for JMS, as well as the custom parameters that are present only in ActiveMQ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Connector for JMS (JMS Connector) includes an ActiveMQ connection configuration, which provides out-of-the-box support for ActiveMQ 5.  With this connection, you can use JMS 1.1 (default), JMS 1.0.2b, or JMS 2.0 specifications, and you can configure not only all of the general connection parameters for JMS but also the custom parameters that are present only in ActiveMQ.
```

== Connecting to ActiveMQ

> After you declare the `active-mq-connection`, all you need to do is set up the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you declare `active-mq-connection`, all you need to do is set up the
```

connection factory with your custom configuration. Every parameter in the connection
comes with a default value, meaning that you are required to configure only the
parameters relevant for your use case. The ActiveMQ connection also exposes
parameters that are exclusive to ActiveMQ implementation, like `initialRedeliveryDelay`.

> The following is an example of a simple configuration of an ActiveMQ connection:

Reviewer: JUST a suggestion:
```suggestion
The following example shows a simple configuration of an ActiveMQ connection:
```

</jms:config>
----

[[in-memory-broker]]

> == In Memory Broker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== In-Memory Broker
```

> By default ActiveMQ Connector uses an in memory broker, which makes it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Anypoint Connector for ActiveMQ (ActiveMQ Connector) uses an in-memory broker, which makes it
```

> easy to start building an application without needing to configure a connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
easy to start building an application without configuring a connection
```

against an external broker.

Default URL: `vm://localhost?broker.persistent=false&broker.useJmx=false`

The in-memory broker is required to configure both the <<activemq-client-lib,ActiveMQ Client>>
and <<activemq-broker-lib,ActiveMQ Broker>> libraries.

== SSL Connections

> *JMS Version 1.3.0 and Later*

Reviewer: Should this be a subtitle or a bullet-list item rather than a bold in-line heading?
And should we add some intro text above it, after the container title?

image::jms/jms-ssl.png[JMS ActiveMQ SSL Configuration]

The connector can also reference global TLS context configurations, so you can

> reuse and share the same TLS context between connectors as shown in the following example with HTTP Connector:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reuse and share the same TLS context between connectors, as shown in the following example with Anypoint Connector for HTTP (HTTP Connector):
```

=== Avoiding Poison Messages

When a message cannot be processed correctly, it's not acknowledged. The message
is then redelivered and probably again not processed correctly, which can cause the cycle to execute indefinitely.

> To prevent a message that can't be properly handled from endlessly redelivering ("Poison Messages"), you can configure the `maxRedelivery` parameter to set a maximum number of times that a message can be delivered to the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent a message that can't be properly handled from endlessly redelivering ("poison messages"), you can configure the `maxRedelivery` parameter to set a maximum number of times that a message can be delivered to the application.
```

> .In this example a message redelivers at max 10 times:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.In this example, a message is redelivered a maximum of 10 times:
```

</jms:config>
----

By default, JMS Connector uses a `maxRedelivery` of `0`, which means that messages
won't be redelivered, and it doesn't matter if the message is recovered or rolled back
from a transaction.

> If the message has persistent delivery set, ActiveMQ sends the message to the `DLQ.QUEUE` (Dead Letter Queue).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the message has persistent delivery set, ActiveMQ sends the message to `DLQ.QUEUE` (the dead letter queue).
```

=== Advanced Redelivery

> ActiveMQ allows users to have a client side redelivery configuration. You can also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ActiveMQ enables users to have a client-side redelivery configuration. You can also
```

> configure the <<poison-messages,max times redelivery of a message>> and how fast the connector is required to redeliver the message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configure the <<poison-messages,maximum times that a message is redelivered>>, and how fast the connector is required to redeliver the message.
```

> `initialRedeliveryDelay`: In milliseconds, how much time to wait until the message

Reviewer: "to wait until the message" or "to wait for the message to be"? or can we call this a "redelivery time lapse"?

== Object Serialization

> ActiveMQ 5.12.2 and 5.13.0 and later restricts the classes that can be serialized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ActiveMQ 5.12.2, 5.13.0, and later restricts the classes that can be serialized
```

and deserialized to prevent the execution of a malicious payload that can exploit
the host system.

=== Trusted Packages

> By default, for ActiveMQ, JMS Connector allows only the JDK and JRE provided classes, so if you

Reviewer: MAYBE a little clearer?
```suggestion
For ActiveMQ, JMS Connector allows only the JDK and JRE provided classes by default, so if you
```

image::jms/jms-trusted-packages.png[JMS ActiveMQ Trusted Packages]

> In the previous example JMS Connector allows only users who are compliant with the `com.mulesoft.someapp` and `com.mulesoft.someapp.model` packages to consume and produce ObjectMessages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous example, JMS Connector allows only users who are compliant with the `com.mulesoft.someapp` and `com.mulesoft.someapp.model` packages to consume and produce ObjectMessages.
```

=== Trust All Packages

> Even though you can enable the *Trust All Packages* parameter to allow the serialization of more classes by allowing any object to be serialized and deserialized, this is not as secure in most cases. Keep this parameter disabled (`false`) to improve security and help prevent malicious attacks.  

Reviewer: "not as secure" as what?

=== ActiveMQ KahaDB

> The ActiveMQ KahaDB is required when using an <<in-memory-broker,In Memory Broker>> and is also required for persistent message delivery.

Reviewer: yabba-dabba-do what? :-)
